the middle is Conan who you strangest
night
this thing is nothing bro what do you
expect in a wizard's garden no if you'll
excuse me you're not going into that
tower without me don't think you can
intimidate me just because you're a
6-foot barbarian built like a bull no
doubt with brains to match you may think
me a stupid barbarian but I know a way
into this tower is obviously your door
down here somewhere
up there
and how do I get up there fly no he
flies you climb kneel please please take
this to the top of the tower huh little
can't carry that Oh
one day when needle grow up needle
remember this star girl right big dumb
barbary like both with brains to match
ah I think your needle and I share an
opinion
this doesn't mean accepting your help
with someone your size blundering around
after me if you can steal your waspish
tongue there's more that I must tell you
when you do done arguing robe is ready
and needle is exhausted
good a wizard's garden is no place to
stand around yapping
just wait jasmine you'll head it get my
hands on you wealth wealth beyond
measure No
Oh